Non Disclosure - Acknowledgement & Agreement 
1. Independent Contractor. I am a contractor or employee (“Consultant”). I am performing services (the “Services”) for DigitalT3 LLC. or its affiliates (DT3., or an Affiliate thereof, “DT3”), as an independent consultant to DT3, and not as an employee or agent of DT3. I do not have any right or claim for any privilege, compensation or benefit under any DT3 compensation or employee benefit plan, program, practice or policy. I do not have the authority to act as DT3’s agent or representative or to enter into any contracts on DT3’s behalf.
2. Nondisclosure. Consultant provided me with a copy of Consultant’s confidentiality obligations to DT3. I will abide by these obligations at all times in my use of, and access to, information about DT3 or the Services. Especially, I will neither provide Consultant with any personal data of DT3, nor will I accept or execute any instruction from Consultant with regards to the collection, processing or usage of personal data of DT3. At Consultant’s or DT3’s request or upon completing the Services, I will return to DT3 all tangible information and permanently delete and destroy all nontangible information about DT3 or Services that I have received.  I acknowledge and agree that I shall not use the information referred to in this paragraph to trade, directly or indirectly, in the securities of DT3.
3. Certification of Originality. While providing Services, I will not use or incorporate any materials, technology or intellectual property created, developed or authored by anyone other than DT3 or Consultant, unless DT3 gives me prior express written consent.
4. Assignment. I hereby assign to DT3, at the time of creation of Work, without any requirement of further consideration, my entire right, title, and interest throughout the world in and to such Work, including all related intellectual property rights. “Work” is any invention, original work of authorship, finding, conclusion, data, discovery, development, concept, improvement, trade secret, technique, process, material, deliverable, product and know-how, whether or not patentable or registerable under patent, copyright or similar laws, that (a) I solely or jointly conceive, develop or reduce to practice in connection with Services, (b) results to any extent, from the use of DT3’s premises or property, or (c) I deliver or am required to deliver for the Services. I expressly grant to DT3 the right to create derivative works based on the Work. I shall not copy Work or otherwise infringe on the rights I have granted to DT3. 
5. Cooperation. I will cooperate with and assist DT3 both during and after my performance of Services to register, protect and enforce this assignment, including executing all appropriate documents prepared by DT3 in applying for, or registering its rights to, any Work in any country. I further agree that my obligation to execute or cause to be executed, when it is in my power to do so, any such instrument or papers shall continue after the termination of this Agreement. If DT3 is unable because of my mental or physical incapacity or for any other reason to secure my signature to apply for or pursue any application for any United States or foreign Intellectual Property Right covering Works assigned to the Company as above, then I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint DT3 and its duly authorized officers and agents as my agent and attorney in fact, to act for and in my behalf and stead to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of letters patent, or copyright, trademark or other registrations thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me.
6. General. This Acknowledgment and Agreement (“Acknowledgment”) is fair, reasonable, and reasonably required to protect DT3. This Acknowledgment sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between Consultant and me or DT3 and me relating to the subject matter herein, and supersedes any previous oral or written communication, understanding or agreement between me and Consultant or me and DT3 with respect to the Services. This Agreement will be binding upon my heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives, and will be for the benefit of DT3 and Consultant, their successors, and their assigns. The courts in Forsyth County, Georgia and the United States District Court for Georgia have exclusive jurisdiction over, and are the exclusive venue for, any dispute or other matter related to this Acknowledgment.
	Intending to be legally bound hereby, I agree to this Acknowledgment by signing below. 
Signature:			        
Name: Abburi Pallavi
Title:  Intern
Date:	06-11-2025
Accepted by DigitalT3, LLC.


Signature:				
Name: Alfred Gracias
Title:   CEO
Date:
